# Planets
30.14: Can you give me a brief history of the metaphysical principles of the development of each of our planets around the sun and their function with respect to evolution of beings?
- **Ra:** I am Ra. We shall give you a metaphysical description only of those planets upon which individual mind/body/spirit complexes have been, are, or shall be experienced. You may understand the other spheres to be a part of the Logos.
- We take the one known as Venus. This planetary sphere was one of rapid evolution. It is our native earth and the rapidity of [the progress of] the mind/body/spirit complexes upon its surface was due to harmonious interaction.
- Upon the entity known to you as Mars, as you have already discussed, this entity was stopped in mid-third density, thus being unable to continue in progression due to the lack of hospitable conditions upon the surface. This planet shall be undergoing healing for some of your space/time millennia.
- The planet which you dwell upon has a metaphysical history well known to you and you may ask about it if you wish. However, we have spoken to a great degree upon this subject.
- The planet known as Saturn has a great affinity for the infinite intelligence and thus it has been dwelled upon in its magnetic fields of time/space by those who wish to protect your system.
- The planetary entity known to you as Uranus is slowly moving through the first density and has the potential of moving through all densities.

30.15: I was wondering if any of the other planets had a metaphysical evolution. You stated yesterday that much of this major galactic system dwells spiritually as a part of the Logos. By that do you mean that nearer the center of this major galactic system that the stars there do not have planetary systems? Is this correct?
- **Ra:** I am Ra. This is incorrect. The Logos has distributed itself throughout your galactic system. However, the time/space continua of some of your more central sun systems is much further advanced.